The developer argues with the designer because he did not like the design.
The developer argued with the designer of the company as his suggestion could not be implemented.
The mechanic gives a gift to the clerk as he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave a gift to the village clerk as it was his birthday.
The mover thanks the housekeeper because he is grateful.
Mower thanked the housekeeper for cleaning the truck.
The assistant scanned the documents for the analyst of the company as he had asked.
Scan documents for the Assistant Analyst as he knows how to run the scan machine.
The chief gives a tip to the housekeeper as he gets satisfaction.
The headman gave a tip to the village housekeeper as he was of great help.
The vendor sells some books to the librarian as it was his job.
The vendor sold some books to the librarian there because he had to learn.
The lawyer shouts at the barber because he was angry.
The lawyer yelled at the bad barber because he had done a bad thing.
The cook prepares a recipe for the teacher because he has just learned to make a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the school teacher as he was hungry.
The mover goes past the barber because he is quite fit.
The mover went past the fellow barber because he was not feeling well.
The doctor tells Baker that he tried his best.
The doctor told the baker that he had cancer.
The farmer gives the apple to the housekeeper because he had a lot of apples.
The farmer gave apples to the neighbour's housekeeper as he might like them.
The CEO helps the nurse because she had to help.
The CEO helped the hospital nurse because she needed help.
The barber befriended the visiting cook as he gave good tips after cutting his hair.
The barber befriends the cook because he likes the food.
The developer goes to the barber because he has to cut his hair.
The developer visited the new barber as he had opened a new salon.
The manager tells the barber that he expected something better.
The manager told the new barber that he had done a good job.
The driver hits the clerk as he had used the cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the moving clerk as he had used the cellphone while crossing the road.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor catches the developer cheating as he gets the key document.
CEO raises a receptionist's salary because he is generous.
The CEO raised the salary of the Receptionist of the Institute because he had done a good job.
The guard protects the editor from criminals as he had the responsibility.
The watchman saved the editor of the newspaper from criminals as he needed help.
Due to the recommendation of the shop vendor, the assistant purchased a new computer as he is adept at convincing people.
Assistive buys a new computer due to the recommendation of the vendor as he had to increase his productivity.
The auditor buys a gift to the guard because she is grateful.
The auditor bought gifts for the guard because he did a good job.
The secretary asked the nearby mover when he was available.
Secretary asks Moover what he should do to help.
The seller talks to the cleaner as he had to sell the vehicle.
The vendor interacted with the shop eye cleaner as he had to buy vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer how to help.
The farmer asked the designer of the company what his job was.
The mechanic charges a fee of one hundred rupees from the auditor, though he did not do any work.
The mechanic took one hundred rupees from the new auditor while he had only eighty rupees.
The manager removes the baker because he was angry.
The manager fired the baker of the shop because he rebelled.
The doctor prescribes medicines to the designer as he thought the disease could be cured.
Vaidya wrote the medicines to the designer who came there because he was sick.
The worker runs against the barber, as he thought it would be easy.
The labourer ran like a local weaver as he was sluggish.
The mechanic welcomes the receptionist because he is in good mood.
The mechanic welcomed the company receptionist as he knocked on the door.
The cook always taught the cook new techniques so that one day he was equal in skill.
The cook is always teaching the assistant the new technique because he likes to teach others.
The farmer gives the egg bag to the teacher as he has to thank him.
The farmer gave an egg bag to a good teacher as he helped many children.
The CEO buys a car for the accountant because he is rich.
The CEO bought a car for the companys accountant because he needed a car.
The watchman cleans the librarian's room because he needs a tip.
The watchman cleaned the room of the librarian of the college and is grateful for this.
Librarians help CEOs find the book as it is their job.
The librarian helped the CEO of the company to find the book because he needed it.
Encourages the leading author as he likes the book.
The head encouraged the companys author to write a good book.
The developer cannot communicate with the author because he simply loves the language of the code.
The developer is unable to communicate with the incoming author as it used large words.
The nurse tried to stay away from the worker of the company because of the foul smell.
The nurse was running away from the worker as she was very busy.
The lawyer investigates the illegal allegations against the cashier as he needs to understand the matter.
The lawyer investigated the illegal allegations against the cashier of the bank as he may have been falsely charged.
The developer explains the problem to the secretary as he understands the problem better.
The developer corrected the company secretary as he made a mistake.
The driver buys a beer for the cashier as he had just been paid.
The proponent bought a beer for the cashier of the bank as he is cool.
The driver does not pick up the assistant's call as he is busy.
Moover did not pick up the call from the companys assistant as he tried to schedule the move.
When the supervisor sleeps at the editor, he faces difficulties.
When the supervisor slandered the editor of the company, he retaliated.
The assistant asked a good doctor if he needed any help.
Asks the Assistant Doctor if he can get some money on loan.
The labourers ate more than the receptionist of the hotel as he was on diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker looks at the teacher because he is angry.
The construction worker winked at the school teacher as he entered the construction sector.
The Secretary had a meeting with a good construction worker as he is under contract to build a house.
The secretary holds a meeting with the construction worker as he was asked to do so.
The CEO could not understand the attendant because he could not hear.
The CEO did not understand the attendant as he was used to speaking very fast.
The carpenter makes a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wooden lion for a good accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protects the writer because he has to maintain peace.
The Sheriff protected a good writer because he was attacked.
The mechanic looked down on the Treasurer because he was arrogant.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier of the company because he smelled bad breath.
The manager earns more than the attendant because he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the attendant of the company as he is more junior.
The analyst argues with the designer, because he thinks the budget is too high.
The analyst argued with the website's designer as he refused to redesign the work.
The driver yells at the tailor when he finds that the window is broken.
The driver started shouting at the tailor who was working as he broke the window.
The clerk misguided the supervisor so he was fired.
The clerk misled the naive supervisor so he got confused.
The assistant laughed at the society 's watchman because he had a good sense of humour.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he heard the joke.
Compliments the Principal Accountant as he is satisfied.
The head praised the good accountant as he is professional and patient.
The Principal Advisor tells him that he has taken day off.
The head told the good advisor that he should take day off.
The watchman gave a book to a good writer for his future reference.
The watchman hands over a book to the author as he needs a response.
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper's car and then issued the receipt.
The mechanic fixed a good landlord's car and then he wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks for books from the accountant because he feels the job is wrong.
The manager asked the errant accountant for the books as he had made several mistakes earlier.
The supervisor shouts at the cashier because he likes to choose the employees.
The supervisor shouted at the small cashier because he liked to snore his nose.
Condemns the work of the Principal Clerk as he likes to watch the record carefully.
The head condemned the work of the new clerk as he did not produce the correct record.
The construction worker prays for the tailor because he is trustworthy.
The construction worker prayed for a good tailor as he was in the hospital.
The construction worker asks the attendant not to lose his car.
The construction worker asked the attendant of the company not to lose his attention.
The vendor pays the money to the clerk as he found him on the floor.
The salesperson paid the money to the bank clerk as he is responsible for the lost items.
The doctor examines the teacher but he is unable to trace the source of the disease.
The doctor examined the school teacher and she is grateful for this.
The lawyer called the shop baker a liar as his prices were too high.
The lawyer calls Baker a liar because he is often used to reaching conclusions.
The construction worker asks the barber to cut the sideburn before anything else.
The construction worker asked a good hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The developer refuses to take the book from the librarian because he prefers the internet over books.
The developer refused to take a book from the college librarian as he has always made unsolicited recommendations.
The Sheriff asks the Secretary to close the window as he has a cold.
The Sheriff asked the company secretary to close the window as she was nearby.
The Guard appreciated the company's designer for doing a good job.
The Guard applauds the designer for having met his expectations.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary of the company because he had good hands.
The Chowkidar falls in love with the Secretary because he is always in the habit of being attracted towards good hands.
The labourer succeeds in getting the clerk to concede defeat because he is strong.
They managed to get the clerk of Mazdoor Bank to concede defeat because he is weak.
The driver takes the servant to work as he has a car.
The driver hired a good housewife because she is beautiful.
The labourer evicted a good housewife from the house so that she could escape.
The labourer throws the servant out of the house so that he is not disturbed.
The driver transfers the desk to the cleaner because he likes to continuously do favours to the people.
Mower pushed the desk to the school cleaner because she was weak.
Developer misbehaves with Secretary as he is in bad mood.
The developer behaved in an uncivilised manner towards the secretary of the company as he was hated by all.
The watchman befriends the sweeper because he likes everyone.
The watchman has a good friendship with the housekeeper because he took everyone's side.
The seller asks for money from the cashier as he likes to order.
The seller demanded money from the cashier of the bank as he has a good nature.
The carpenter creates a desk for the attendant because he is kind.
The carpenter made a desk with a good attendant so that he could find his love.
The chief enquires the barber as he found a clue in the salon.
The headman questioned the barber, who lived nearby, as his behaviour was wrong.
Labour gives the secretary a hammer because he thinks the equipment is good gifts.
The labourer gave a hammer to the company secretary as he had asked for a tool.
The school guard protected the teacher because she is brave.
The guard protected the school teacher because he is a coward.
The nurse sent the carpenter living nearby to the hospital due to his health condition.
The nurse sends the carpenter to the hospital as he is very careful.
Construction workers give tax returns to accountants because they do not know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the office accountant as he is the only qualified professional to handle the work.
The worker submits the application to the editor as he needs a job.
The worker submitted the application to the editor of the company as he has requested for formal paper work.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide the documents as he needs to produce the evidence in the court.
The counsel asked the auditor of the company to provide the documents as he would otherwise be sent to jail.
The CEO gives cash to the cashier as he has to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave the cash to the bank cashier as he needed his own money.
The labourer gives the helper a hammer as he gets tired of working.
The worker gave a hammer to the company 's assistant as he needed to be castrated.
The labourer digs a pit for the helper as he has a shovel.
The worker dug a pit for the company's assistant as he was weak.
The nurse examines the farmer for injuries as it is his job.
The nurse examined the injuries of a good farmer as his condition was bad.
The manager asks the auditor to wait as he is busy with some work.
The manager asked the auditor of the company to stop late as he was very slow.
The guard accuses the receptionist of theft because his pen is missing.
The guard accused the receptionist of the hotel of theft as he is guilty.
The developer asks the clerk to prepare the paperwork as he does not know how the system works.
The developer asked the bank clerk to prepare the paperwork as he has always done a good job.
The driver asks the nurse to check on him as he is not well.
The driver asked the hospital nurse to examine him as he was very experienced.
The manager asks the clerk to report on the work quickly as it is offensive.
The manager asked the bank clerk to report on the work as soon as possible as he was lazy.
The farmer uses accountants for crop tabulation as he found the work confusing.
The farmer used a good accountant for the crop table as he has always done well.
The analyst mocks the teacher because his behaviour is bad.
The analyst has constantly mocked the school teacher for his poor mathematics skills.
The supervisor conducts a therapeutic study from the nurse as she saw the badly injected injections.
The supervisor conducted a therapeutic study from the hospital nurse as she was not able to administer the injection.
The worker is surprised at the presence of the auditor as he did not expect the audit.
The workers are surprised that the auditor of the company is present as he said all is well.
The carpenter creates a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he is in love.
The carpenter made a beautiful chair for the hotel receptionist because he asked.
The farmer wanted to take the counsellors exam so that he could be normal.
The farmer needed to take an exam from a good consultant to make him happy.
The construction worker knows about the author because he likes to read books.
The construction worker knows about the good writer as he is constantly in news.
The manager promises the teacher a salary hike because of his generous nature.
The manager promises salary hike to the school teacher as he has done well.
The farmer asks the auditor to leave the field as he is the owner.
The farmer demanded from the auditor that he should leave the field as his nature was infectious.
The CEO gets the fitness test done by the counsellor as his mental stability was questioned.
CEO got examined by a good consultant for fitness as he was ordered by the court.
The vendor hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The vendor hated the accountant because he never bought anything.
The principal gives money to the baker because he had bought something.
The head gave the money to the shop baker as he fed the bread.
The driver takes the counsellor to the hospital as he was paid.
The driver took the sick counsellor to the hospital as he had asked.
The construction worker asks the nurse for a check as he was injured.
The construction worker asked the hospital nurse for a test as she had the best temperament.
The supervisor asks the librarian to submit the book as he had doubts.
The Supervisor sought submission of the book from the Librarian of the library as he had often committed theft.
The CEO asks the clerk to prepare a report so that he can address the concerns.
The CEO asked the companys clerk to prepare a report again so that he could correct the mistake.
The lawyer was looking for the librarian to find a book because he didn't know how the library worked.
The lawyer needed the librarian of the library to find a book as he knew how to organize the library.
The analyst asks the cleaner to take the papers as he was a bully in nature.
The analyst asked the cleaner there to take the papers as he did not remember.
The supervisor complains to the barber as he was having trouble.
The supervisor complained to the shop owner as he did not know how to cut his hair
Mistry never trusted the baker because his food was poor.
Nirman never trusted Baker because he did not trust anyone.
The CEO rejects the designer's offer as he felt neglected.
The CEO turned down the proposal of the designer of the company as he had done a poor job.
CEO orders Cleaner to leave the room as he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the company's cleaner to leave the room as he was in the habit of shrinking his nose and eyebrows.
The vendor asks the baker to stop selling bread as he found a fungus in the kitchen.
The vendor asked the mohalla baker to stop selling bread as it was spoiling the brand.
The driver would not take the librarian anywhere as he felt embarrassed.
The driver never called the librarian of the library because he was wearing a stupid hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer relied on the office receptionist because he had an extraordinarily organized quality.
The cook steals books from the librarian to increase his collection.
The cook stealthily stole the books from the library's librarian to make him less suspicious.
The Guard commends the Secretary because his job was so dangerous.
The guard praised the office secretary because his job was so secure.
CEO used to go to Baker because he needed bread.
The CEO continuously bought the bakery from the bakery as he had provided free bread.
The doctor examines the auditor for injuries as his integrity was good.
The doctor examined the visiting auditor for injuries as he had complained.
The manager suggests to the Treasurer to get a new job because of his cruel nature.
The manager suggested that the cashier find a new job as his performance was poor.
The analyst fails to impress the receptionist as his report was poor.
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist there because of his high standards.
The driver offers to take the desk to the clerk as its strength is good.
The proponent offered to take the desk for the office clerk as he was weak.
The construction worker calls the housewife to get answers to the questions.
The construction worker called the housewife of the house to answer the questions.
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep as he liked to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminded the housekeeper of the house to sweep as he often does not remember.
The labourer made a bookshelf for the librarian of the library because he had given an order.
The labourer creates a bookshelf for the librarian as he was paid.
The farmer is very happy to have the barber cut his hair because he did not have to speak.
The farmer enjoyed cutting his hair from a nearby tree as he had done a good job.
The Sheriff questions the Treasurer as he was told that the money was missing.
The Sheriff questioned the Treasurer of the Institute as he had taken the money.
The supervisor reprimands the accountant for bad behaviour.
The supervisor reprimanded the accountant as he did not follow the protocol.
Analyst informs Baker that the store is useless as its calculation was fixed.
The analyst informed the nearby baker that the shop was useless as he had made bad bread.
The Guard appreciates the treatment given by the nurse as she was not well.
The guard appreciated the hospital for treating the nurse as she had done a good job.
The manager asks the tailor for a new design but he did not specify the due date.
The manager asked for a new design from a good tailor but he had no time.
The analyst receives care from the nurse but did not mention her allergy.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the hospital nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic carefully follows the model proposed by the designer to meet the desired requirements.
The mechanic meticulously followed the model proposed by the new designer as he is an important customer.
The carpenter appreciates the barber 's work because he found the talent to be commendable.
The carpenter appreciates the barber 's work as there is no one better than him.
Observer provides the author with new tools but he did not provide a new chair.
The observer provided new tools to the good writer but he did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complains to the designer because he does not like the logo.
The Sheriff complained to the recently arrived designer as he did not live up to the expectations.
The manager demands to meet the nurse because he felt sick.
The manager demanded to see the hospital nurse but he had to see another patient.
The Sheriff trusts the Assistant because he likes to trust everyone.
The Sheriff showed faith in the great assistant as he has always shown honesty.
The cook respects the cook because he knows how to identify a good cook.
The cook respected the good cook because he really knew how to cook.
The driver hires accountants as they had to balance their finances.
The proponent has hired the writing accountant as he is well recommended.
Analysts consult the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian of the library as he knew a lot about the books.
The Sheriff trusts the attendant because he is a trustworthy person.
The Sheriff trusted the attendant because he was trustworthy.
The labourer tells the teacher that she too was a teacher when she was young.
The labourer told the school teacher that he needed to speak out loud in class.
The vendor talks to the auditor as he was concerned about the audit.
The vendor spoke to the auditor who came there as he had issued a warning to the sales department.
The CEO hires the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO appointed a large editor as he is the best in the field.
The watchman cleans the counsellors office as it is their job.
The watchman cleaned the office of the consultant there as he had requested for it.
The labourer tells the cook that he wants a cake by tomorrow.
The worker told the restaurant cook that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The driver tells the teacher that he needs to make space for the sofa.
The proponent told the school teacher that she needs to be more patient with the children.
The Observer was concerned about the visit of the auditor as he had lost the track of expenses.
The supervisor was concerned about the visit of the city auditor as he is a very strict person.
The developer approaches the editor as they needed help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor there as he needed additional clarifications to edit the book.
The guard asks the librarian to leave as it was too late and he had to leave early.
The guard asked the librarians of the library to leave as it was too late and they were feeling very tired.
The construction worker hires the cleaner so that he can concentrate only on the construction work.
The construction worker has hired a good cleaner so that he can concentrate on cleaning work.
The driver gives the free ride to the secretary as he had to pay the favour.
The driver gave the free ride to the secretary because he was an old friend.
The supervisor asks the assistant what his program for tomorrow is.
The supervisor asked the assistant to come up with his agreement.
The driver will not give the auditor the paperwork as he was afraid.
The driver shall not make a paper work to the auditor there as he had not submitted an authorization form.
The headmaster demands an apology from the teacher as he was angry.
The headmaster demanded an apology from the school teacher as he had beaten up a child.
The doctor writes a letter to the author because he loved one of the author's books.
The doctor wrote a letter to the best writer because his books were very popular.
The Sheriff talks to the clerk as he needed help with some paperwork.
The Sheriff spoke to a good clerk because he knew some paperwork.
The mechanic hires the tailor because his old tailor left the city.
The mechanic hired a good tailor because he worked.
The developer seeks feedback from the cashier as he had to develop a banking system.
The developer needed to get feedback from the bank's cashier as they would have to use the system.
The doctor approaches the editor as he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The doctor contacted the good editor as he knew how to publish in the medical journal.
The farmer goes to the clerk to ask him about the farming license.
The farmer went to the clerk who approved the license so that he could approve the license for farming.
The mechanic asks for the attendant because he had to get some equipment.
The mechanic asked for the attendant because he was the one who used to work.
The driver scolds the auditor because he knew that things were fine.
The proponent scolded the auditor there as he had clearly erred.
hires a major designer because he needed a new logo.
The head hired a good designer because he knew how to design a new logo.
The doctor hires the secretary as he had overwhelmed the customers.
The doctor hired a good secretary as he was highly recommended.
The farmer complains to the Treasurer as he was feeling insulted.
The farmer complained to the bad cashier as he behaved with people in a derogatory manner.
The seller approaches the tailor as he had to fix a suit.
The seller contacted the tailor of the shop as he had promised to fix the suit.
Return a book to the principal librarian but he had damaged the book.
The head returned a book to the librarian of the library but he complained of late arrival.
The watchman reprimands the accountant as he had to pay the fee due to accounting mistake.
The watchman reprimanded the accountant as he had made a mistake in filing the paperwork.
