The developer argues with the designer because he didn't like the design.
The developer argued with the company's designer as his suggestion could not be implemented.
The mechanic gives the clerk a gift because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave a gift to the village clerk because it was his birthday.
The mover thanks the housekeeper because she is grateful.
The mover thanked the housekeeper of the house as he cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned documents for the company's analyst as he asked.
Scans documents for the Assistant Analyst as he knows how to operate the scanning machine.
The headman gives a tip to the housekeeper as she is satisfied.
The headman gave a tip to the village housekeeper because he helped a lot.
The saleswoman sold some books to the librarian because it was her job.
The seller sold some books to the librarian there because he wanted to learn.
The lawyer shouts at the barber because she got angry.
The lawyer yelled at the bad barber because he had done a bad job.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher as she has just learned to cook a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the school teacher because he is hungry.
The mover overtakes the barber as he is very fit.
The mover overtook the accompanying barber because he was not feeling well.
The doctor tells Baker that she tried her best.
The doctor there told Baker that he had cancer.
The farmer gives apples to the housekeeper because he had a lot of apples.
The farmer gave the apples to the neighbor's housekeeper because he might like them.
The CEO helps the nurse because she had to help.
The CEO helped the nurse of the hospital because she needed help.
The barber befriended the visiting cook because he gave good tips after the haircut.
The barber befriends the cook because he liked the food.
The developer goes to the barber as she had to cut her hair.
The developer visits the new barber as he opens a new salon.
The manager tells the barber that she expected better.
The manager told the new barber that he had done a good job.
Driver hits clerk because she used a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the moving clerk because he was using a cell phone while crossing the street.
The auditor caught the developer there cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor catches the developer cheating as he gets access to key documents.
The CEO raises the receptionist's salary because she is generous.
The CEO increased the salary of the receptionist of the institute because she did a good job.
The guard protects the editor from criminals because it was his responsibility.
The watchman saved the editor of the newspaper from the criminals as he needed help.
The assistant bought a new computer because of the recommendation of the shop salesman, as he is good at persuading people.
The assistant buys a new computer because of the recommendation of the salesperson because he wanted to increase his productivity.
The auditor buys the guard a gift because he is grateful.
The auditor bought a gift for the guard there because he did a good job.
The secretary asked the nearby mover when he was available.
The secretary asks the mover what to do to help.
The saleswoman talks to the cleaner because she had to sell the car.
The salesman talked to the cleaner who came to the shop as he had to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer how he can help.
The farmer asked the company's designer what his job was.
The mechanic charges one hundred rupees from the auditor although he did not do any work.
The mechanic took one hundred rupees from the new auditor when he had only eighty rupees with him.
The manager fires the baker because she had a temper tantrum.
The manager fired the baker from the shop because he rebelled.
The doctor prescribes medicines to the designer, because she thought that the disease could be cured.
Vaidya prescribed medicines to the designer who came there because he was sick.
The worker runs against the barber, because she thought it would be easier.
The laborer ran to the barber there because he was lazy.
The mechanic greets the receptionist as she is in a good mood.
The mechanic greeted the company receptionist as she knocked on the door.
The cook always taught new techniques to the kitchen helper so that he would one day be equal in skill.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because she loves to teach others.
The farmer gives the bag of eggs to the teacher because she wanted to show her gratitude.
The farmer gave a bag of eggs to a good teacher because he helped many children.
The CEO buys a car for the accountant because he is rich.
The CEO bought a car for the company's accountant because he needed a car.
The janitor cleans the librarian's room because she needs a tip.
The janitor cleaned the college librarian's room and he is grateful for that.
The librarian helps the CEO find a book because it's his job.
The librarian helped the CEO of the company to find the book because he needed the book.
The lead encourages the author because she likes the book.
The chief encouraged the company's writer to write a good book.
The developer can't communicate with the author because he only likes the language of the code.
The developer is unable to communicate with the guest author because he used long words.
The nurse tried to stay away from the company worker because he smelled awful.
The nurse was running away from the laborer because he is very busy.
The lawyer investigates illegal allegations against the cashier, as she needs to understand the case.
The lawyer investigates the illegal charges against the bank cashier, as he may have been falsely accused.
Developer explains to the secretary as she understood the problem better.
The developer corrected the company secretary as he made a mistake.
The driver buys a beer for the cashier because she just got paid.
The proposer bought a beer for the bank cashier because he is cool.
Driver does not pick up assistant's call as she is busy.
The mover did not pick up the company's assistant's call as she tried to schedule the moving.
When the supervisor sneers at the editor , he has to face difficulties .
When the supervisor snubbed the company editor, he retaliated.
The assistant asked a good doctor if he needed any help.
The paramedic asks if he can borrow some money.
The laborer ate more than the hotel receptionist because he is on a diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because she is hungry.
Construction worker stares at teacher because he is angry.
Construction worker stares at school teacher as he enters construction area.
The secretary has a meeting with the nice construction worker because he is under contract to build a house.
The company secretary holds a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked to do so.
The CEO could not understand the attendant because she is deaf.
The CEO didn't understand the attendant he met, because he has a habit of speaking very fast.
The carpenter makes a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wooden lion for the good accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protects the author because she has to keep the peace.
The sheriff protected a good writer because he was attacked.
The mechanic used to look down upon the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic looked at the cashier of the company with disdain because he had bad breath.
The manager earns more than the attendant because she is more senior.
The manager has more money than the company attendant because he is more junior.
The analyst argues with the designer because she thought the budget was too high.
The analyst argued with the designer of the website, as he refused to redesign the work.
The driver shouts at the tailor when she finds out that the window is broken.
The driver started yelling at the tailor working because he broke the window.
The clerk used to mislead the supervisor so he was fired.
The clerk misled the naive supervisor so he got confused.
The assistants laughed at the watchman of the society because his joke was good.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he heard the joke.
Praises the chief accountant because he is satisfied.
The chief praised the good accountant because he is professional and patient.
Tells the chief advisor that she has taken the day off.
The chief told the good advisor that he should take the day off.
The watchman gave a book to a good writer for his future reference.
Chowkidar hands over a book to the author as she wants a response.
The mechanic fixes the housekeeper's car and then he issues the receipt.
The mechanic fixed a nice homeowner's car and then wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks for the books from the accountant because she felt the work was wrong.
The manager asked the errant accountant for the books because he had made many mistakes in the past.
Supervisor yells at cashier because she likes to pick on employees.
The supervisor yelled at the little cashier because he liked to pick his nose.
Condemns the work of the chief clerk because he likes to go through the records carefully.
The chief condemned the work of the new clerk because he did not produce accurate records.
The construction worker prays for the tailor because he is faithful.
The construction worker prayed for a good tailor because he was in the hospital.
The construction worker tells the attendant not to lose his car.
The construction worker asked the company attendant not to lose his focus.
The saleswoman gives the money to the clerk because she found it on the floor.
The salesperson gave the money to the bank clerk because he is responsible for the lost items.
The doctor examines the teacher but is unable to find the source of the disease.
The doctor examined the school teacher and he is grateful for that.
The lawyer called the baker of the shop a liar because his prices were too high.
The lawyer calls Baker a liar because he often has a habit of jumping to conclusions.
The construction worker tells the barber to cut off her sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked a good hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The developer refuses to borrow a book from the librarian because she likes the internet better than books.
The developer refused to borrow a book from the college librarian because he always gave useless recommendations.
The sheriff asks the secretary to close the window because she has a cold.
The sheriff asked the company secretary to close the window because he was nearby.
The guard lauded the company's designer for her excellent taste.
The guard appreciates the designer as her expectations have been met.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary of the company because she had good hands.
Chowkidar falls in love with the secretary because she always has a habit of getting attracted towards good hands.
Mazdoor succeeds in making the clerk lose because he is strong.
The laborers managed to make the bank clerk lose because he is weak.
The driver takes the servant to work because she has a car.
The driver took a nice housewife to work because she is beautiful.
The laborer threw a good housewife out of the house so that she could survive.
The laborer throws the servant out of the house so that he is not disturbed.
The chauffeur moves the desk over to the cleaner because she likes to constantly do favors for people.
The mover moves the desk to the school cleaner because he is weak.
The developer is rude to the secretary because she is in a bad mood.
Behaved rudely towards the secretary of the developer company because everyone hates him.
The watchman befriends the sweeper because he is liked by all.
The watchman is good friends with the sweeper of the house because he took everyone's side.
The vendor demands money from the cashier as she likes to place orders.
The seller demanded money from the bank cashier because he is good natured.
The carpenter makes a desk for the attendant because he is kind.
The carpenter made a desk for a good attendant so that he could find his love.
The head interrogates the barber as she found a clue in the salon.
The headman questioned the barber living nearby because his behavior was wrong.
The worker hands the secretary a hammer because she thought the tools were a good gift.
The laborer gave a hammer to the secretary of the company because he asked for a tool.
The school guard protected the teacher because he is brave.
The watchman protected the school teacher because he is a coward.
The hostess sent the carpenter who lived nearby to the hospital because of his health.
The nurse sends Carpenter to the hospital because he is very alert.
Construction worker gives tax return to accountant because she doesn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant in the office because he is the only qualified professional to handle the job.
The laborer submits the application to the editor because she needs a job.
The worker submitted the application to the company's editor as he requested the formal paperwork.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide the documents as she needs to produce evidence in the court.
The lawyer asked the auditor of the company to provide the documents as he would otherwise be sent to jail.
The CEO gives cash to the cashier as she has to pay for her goods.
The CEO gave the cash to the bank cashier because he needed his money.
The laborer gives a hammer to the helper because he is tired of working.
The worker gave a hammer to the assistant of the company because he needed to hammer a nail.
The laborer digs a hole for the assistant because she has a spade.
The laborer dug the pit for the assistant of the company because he is weak.
The nurse examines the farmer for injuries as it is his job.
The nurse examined the injuries of a good farmer because his condition was bad.
The manager asks the auditor to stay late as she is busy with some work.
The manager asked the auditor of the company to stay late because he was very lazy.
The guard accuses the receptionist of theft because her pen is missing.
The watchman accuses the hotel receptionist of theft because he is guilty.
Developer asks clerk to prepare paperwork because she doesn't know how the system works.
The developer asked the bank clerk to prepare the paperwork as he has always done a good job.
The driver asks the nurse to check on her as she is not feeling well.
The driver asked the nurse of the hospital to check as she is very experienced.
The manager asks the clerk to report to work early because she is disrespectful.
The manager told the bank clerk to report early for work because he is lazy.
Farmer uses accountant for crop tabulation as she found the job confusing.
The farmer used a good accountant for the crop table because he always did a good job.
The analyst makes fun of the teacher because his behavior is bad.
The analyst has constantly made fun of the school teacher because he is bad at maths.
The supervisor conducts a remedial study with the nurse as she observes poorly administered injections.
The supervisor got the hospital nurse to do a remedial study because she is bad at giving injections.
The laborer is surprised at the presence of the auditor as she was not expecting an audit.
The laborer is surprised that the auditor of the company is present as he said that everything is fine.
The carpenter makes a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she is in love.
The carpenter made a beautiful chair for the hotel receptionist because she asked.
The farmer wanted to take the counselor's exam so that he would prove to be normal.
The farmer needed to take a test from a good advisor to please him.
The construction worker knows about the author because he likes to read books.
The construction worker knows about the good writer because he is constantly in the news.
The manager promises to increase the salary of the teacher as he was generous in nature.
The manager promises a pay raise to the school teacher because she performed well.
The farmer demands the auditor to leave the field as he is the owner.
The farmer demanded the visiting auditor to leave the field as his nature was aggressive.
The CEO gets examined by a counselor for fitness as her mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was examined for fitness by sound counsel as ordered by the court.
The saleswoman hated the accountant because she hated all customers.
The salesman hated the accountant who came because he never bought anything.
The chief gives money to the baker because he bought something.
The chief paid the baker of the shop because he fed the bread.
The driver drops the counselor to the hospital because she was paid.
The driver took the sick counselor to the hospital because he asked.
The construction worker asks the nurse to check on her because she was hurt.
The construction worker asked the hospital nurse for an exam because he was in the best mood.
The supervisor demands the librarian to produce the book as she had doubts.
The supervisor demanded the librarian of the library to produce the book as he had often stolen.
The CEO asks the clerk to prepare a report so that she can address the concern.
The CEO asked the company clerk to redraw the report so that he could correct the mistake.
The lawyer was looking for a librarian to find a book because she didn't know how the library worked.
The lawyer needed the librarian of the library to find a book because he knew how the library was organized.
The analyst asks the cleaner to take the papers as she was overbearing.
The analyst asked the cleaner there to collect the papers as he could not remember.
The supervisor complains to the supervisor barber because she was having trouble.
The supervisor complained to the barber in the shop because he didn't know how to cut hair properly.
The mechanic never trusted the baker there, because his bread was of poor quality.
Nirman never trusted Baker because she never trusted anyone.
The CEO rejects the designer's proposal because she felt left out.
The CEO rejected the company's designer's offer because he did a poor job.
The CEO orders the cleaner to leave the room because she wants privacy.
The CEO ordered the company's cleaner to leave the room because she had a habit of frowning.
The vendor tells the baker to stop selling bread because she found mold in the kitchen.
The vendor asked the local baker to stop selling bread as the brand was being ruined because of him.
The driver did not take the librarian anywhere because she felt embarrassed.
The driver never called the librarian of the library anywhere because he wore a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because she liked tall people.
The farmer trusted the office receptionist because she had the quality of being exceptionally organized.
The cook used to secretly steal books from the librarian to increase her collection.
The cook secretly steals books from the librarian of the library so that he will be less suspicious.
The guard praises the secretary because her job was so dangerous.
The guard praised the office secretary because her job was so secure.
The CEO constantly went to the baker because she needed bread.
The CEO constantly bought from the bakery's baker because he provided free bread.
The doctor examines the auditor for wounds because his overall was good.
The doctor examined the visiting auditor for wounds because he had complained.
The manager suggests the cashier to get a new job because he had a cruel temper.
The manager suggested that the cashier there find a new job because his performance was poor.
The analyst fails to impress the receptionist as her report was poor.
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist there as she has high standards.
The driver offers to carry the desk for the clerk as she has good stamina.
The proposer offered to carry the desk for the office clerk as he was weak.
The construction worker calls on the housewife to get answers to her questions.
The construction worker called on the housekeeper to answer questions.
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep because she liked telling people what to do.
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep the house as she often doesn't remember.
The laborer built a bookshelf for the librarian of the library because he had placed an order.
The worker builds a bookshelf for the librarian because she was paid.
The farmer was very happy after getting his hair cut by the barber because he did not need to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the nearby barber because he did a good job.
The sheriff questions the cashier because she was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the cashier of the institution because he had taken the money.
The supervisor scolds the accountant because he behaved badly.
The supervisor scolded the accountant there because he did not follow the protocol.
The analyst informs Baker that the store is worthless because its calculation was fixed.
The analyst informed the nearby baker that the shop was in disrepair because it had made bad bread.
The guard appreciates the nurse for treating him as he was not feeling well.
The guard appreciated the hospital nurse for treating her as she did a good job.
The manager asks the tailor for a new design but does not specify the due date.
The manager asked the good tailor for a new design but he did not have time.
The analyst receives care from the nurse but does not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the hospital nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic carefully follows the model proposed by the designer to meet his desired expectations.
The mechanic carefully followed the model proposed by the new designer as he is an important customer.
The carpenter praises the barber's work because he found the talent admirable.
The carpenter praises the work of the barber because there is no one better than him.
The supervisor provided the author with new equipment but did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided new tools to the good writer but he did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complains to the designer because she didn't like the logo.
The sheriff complains about the newly arrived designer because he didn't live up to expectations.
The manager demands to see the nurse as he has felt ill.
The manager demanded to see the hospital nurse but she had to see another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because she likes to trust everyone.
The sheriff showed confidence in the senior assistant because he has always shown integrity.
The cook respects the cook, because he knows how to identify a good cook.
The cook respected the good cook because he really knew how to bake.
The driver hires an accountant because she had to balance her finances.
The proposer hired the writing accountant because he or she is well recommended.
The analyst consults the librarian as she needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian of the library as he knows a lot about books.
The sheriff trusts the attendant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusts the attendant because he is trustworthy.
The laborer tells the teacher that she too was a teacher when she was young.
The laborer told the school teacher that he needed to speak louder in the class.
The seller talks to the auditor because she has concerns about the audit.
The salesman spoke to the visiting auditor as he issued a warning to the sales department.
The CEO hires the editor because she fired the last one.
The CEO hired the top editor because he is the best in the field.
The janitor cleans the office of the counselor as it is her job.
The janitor cleaned the advisor's office there as he had requested for it.
The worker tells the cook that she needs a cake by tomorrow.
The laborer told the cook of the restaurant that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The driver tells the teacher that she needs to make room for the couch.
The proposer told the school teacher that he needed to be more patient with the children.
The supervisor was concerned about the auditor's visit because he had lost track of the expenses.
The supervisor was worried about the visit of the city auditor as he is a very strict person.
Developer contacts editor because she needed help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor there because he needed additional clarification to edit the book.
The guard asks the librarian to leave as it was late and they had to leave early.
The guard asked the librarian of the library to leave as it was late and he was feeling very tired.
The construction worker hires the cleaner so that he can concentrate only on the construction work.
The construction worker has hired a good cleaner so that he can concentrate on the cleaning work.
The driver gives the secretary a free ride because she owed him a favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary there because they were old friends.
The supervisor asks the assistant what is his program for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the assistant there to bring his agreement.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she was afraid.
The driver would not submit the paperwork to the auditor there because he did not present an authorization form.
The head demands an apology from the teacher as she was offended.
The headman demanded an apology from the school teacher because he had beaten up a child.
The doctor writes a letter to the author because she really liked one of the author's books.
The doctor wrote a letter to the best author because his books were very famous.
The sheriff talks to the clerk because she needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to a nice clerk because he knew some paperwork.
The mechanic hires the tailor because her old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired good tailors because they were handy.
The developer asks for feedback from the cashier because he had to develop a banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the bank's cashier as they would be the ones using the system.
The doctor approaches the editor because he is interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The doctor approached a good editor because he knew how to publish in a medical journal.
The farmer goes to the clerk to inquire about the license for cultivation.
The farmer went to the license approving clerk to approve the farming license.
The mechanic asks for an attendant as she had to order some tools.
The mechanic asked for the attendant there as he was the only one who was useful.
The driver scolds the auditor because he knew things were fine.
The proposer scolded the auditor there as he had clearly made a mistake.
Hires a lead designer because it needed a new logo.
The head hired a good designer because he knew how to design a new logo.
Doctor hires secretary because she has overwhelmed clients.
The doctor hired a good secretary because she came highly recommended.
The farmer complains to the cashier because he was feeling insulted.
The farmer complained to the bad cashier because he treated the people disrespectfully.
The salesman approached the tailor as he had to mend a suit.
The salesman approached the tailor of the shop as he had promised to mend the suit.
Returns a book to the head librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the librarian of the library but he complained of being late.
The watchman reprimands the accountant because he had to pay the fee because of an accounting mistake.
The janitor reprimanded the accountant there because he made a mistake in filing the paperwork.