The developer argues with the designer because he didn't like the design.
The developer argued with the company's designer as his suggestion could not be implemented.
The mechanic gives the clerk a gift because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave a gift to the village clerk because it was his birthday.
The mover says thanks to the housekeeper because he is grateful.
The mover thanked the housekeeper of the house as she cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned documents for the company's analyst as he asked.
The assistant scans the documents for the analyst as she knows how to operate the scanning machine.
The headman gives a tip to the housekeeper as he is satisfied.
The chief gave a tip to the village housekeeper because she helped a lot.
The vendor sold some books to the librarian as it was his job.
The salesman sold some books to the librarian there because he wanted to learn.
The lawyer shouts at the barber because he got angry.
The lawyer yelled at the bad barber because he had done a bad job.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher as he has just learned to cook a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the school teacher because she is hungry.
The mover surpasses the barber as he is very fit.
The mover overtook the accompanying barber because he was not feeling well.
The doctor tells Baker that he tried his best.
The doctor there told Baker that he had cancer.
The farmer gives apples to the housekeeper because he had a lot of apples.
The farmer gave the apples to the neighbor's housekeeper because she might like them.
The CEO helps the nurse because he had to help.
The CEO helped the hospital nurse because she needed help.
The barber befriended the visiting cook as he gave good tips after the haircut.
The barber befriends the cook because he liked the food.
The developer goes to the barber because he had to cut his hair.
The developer visited the new barber as he opened a new salon.
The manager tells the barber that he expected something better.
The manager told the new barber that he had done a good job.
Driver hits clerk because he used a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the moving clerk because he was using a cell phone while crossing the street.
The auditor caught the developer there cheating because he is dishonest.
Auditor catches developer cheating as she finds key documents.
The CEO raises the receptionist's salary because she is generous.
The CEO increased the salary of the receptionist of the institute because she did a good job.
The guard protects the editor from criminals because it was his responsibility.
The watchman saved the editor of the newspaper from the criminals as she needed help.
The assistant bought a new computer because of the recommendation of the shop salesman, as he is good at persuading people.
The assistant buys a new computer because of the recommendation of the salesperson because she wanted to increase her productivity.
The auditor buys the guard a gift because she is grateful.
The auditor bought a gift for the guard there because he did a good job.
The secretary asked the nearby mover when he was available.
The secretary asks the mover what to do to help.
The salesman talks to the cleaner as he had to sell the car.
The seller talked to the shop Eye Cleaner because he wanted to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer how he can help.
The farmer asked the company's designer what his job was.
The mechanic charges one hundred rupees from the auditor although he did not do any work.
The mechanic took one hundred rupees from the new auditor when he had only eighty rupees with him.
The manager fires the baker because he had a temper tantrum.
The manager fired the baker from the shop because he rebelled.
The doctor prescribes medicines to the designer, as he thought that the disease could be cured.
Vaidya prescribed medicines to the designer who came there because she was sick.
The laborer runs against the barber because he thought it would be easier.
The laborer ran to the barber there because he was lazy.
The mechanic greets the receptionist as he is in a good mood.
The mechanic greeted the company's receptionist as she knocked on the door.
The cook always taught new techniques to the kitchen helper so that she would one day be equal in skill.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he loves to teach others.
The farmer gives the bag of eggs to the teacher because he wanted to show his gratitude.
The farmer gave a bag of eggs to a good teacher because she helped so many children.
The CEO buys a car for the accountant because he is rich.
The CEO bought a car for the company's accountant because he needed a car.
The janitor cleans the librarian's room because he needs a tip.
The janitor cleaned the college librarian's room and she is grateful for that.
The librarian helps the CEO find a book because it's her job.
The librarian helped the CEO of the company find the book because he needed the book.
The head encourages the author because he likes the book.
The chief encouraged the company's author to write a good book.
The developer is not able to communicate with the author because he only likes the language of the code.
Developer Eye Hui is unable to communicate with the author because he used long words.
The nurse tried to stay away from the company worker because he smelled awful.
The nurse was running away from the laborer because she is very busy.
The lawyer investigates illegal charges against the cashier, because he needs to understand the case.
The lawyer investigates the illegal charges against the bank cashier, as he may have been falsely accused.
The developer explains to the secretary as he understood the problem better.
The developer corrected the company secretary as she made a mistake.
The driver buys a beer for the cashier because he just got paid.
The proposer bought a beer for the bank cashier because he is cool.
The driver does not pick up the assistant's call as he is busy.
The mover did not pick up the company's assistant's call as she tried to schedule the moving.
When the supervisor sneers at the editor , he has to face difficulties .
When the supervisor snubbed the company editor, she retaliated.
The assistant asked a good doctor if he needed any help.
The assistant asks the doctor if she can borrow some money.
The laborer ate more than the hotel receptionist because he is on a diet.
The laborer eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker stares at the teacher because he is angry.
Construction worker stares at school teacher as she enters construction area.
The secretary has a meeting with the nice construction worker because he is under contract to build a house.
The secretary holds a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked to do so.
The CEO could not understand the attendant because he is deaf.
The CEO didn't understand what the attendant had got, because he has a habit of speaking very fast.
The carpenter makes a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wooden lion for the good accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protects the author because he has to keep the peace.
The sheriff protected a good writer because she was attacked.
The mechanic used to look down upon the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic looked at the cashier of the company with disdain because he had bad breath.
The manager earns more than the attendant because he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the company attendant because she is more junior.
The analyst argues with the designer because he thought the budget was too high.
The analyst argued with the website's designer, as he refused to redesign the work.
The driver shouts at the tailor when he learns that the window is broken.
The driver started shouting at the tailor working because he broke the window.
The clerk used to mislead the supervisor so she was fired.
The clerk misled the innocent supervisor so he got confused.
The assistants laughed at the watchman of the society because his joke was good.
The assistant laughed at the watchman because he heard the joke.
The chief praises the accountant because he is satisfied.
The chief praised the good accountant because he is professional and patient.
The chief tells the advisor that he has taken the day off.
The chief told the good advisor that he should take the day off.
The watchman gave a book to a good writer for his future reference.
The watchman hands over a book to the author as he wants a response.
The mechanic fixes the housekeeper's car and then he issues the receipt.
The mechanic fixed a nice homeowner's car and then wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks for the books from the accountant because he felt that the work was wrong.
The manager asked the erring accountant for the books because she had made many mistakes in the past.
Supervisor yells at cashier because he likes to pick on employees.
The supervisor yelled at the little cashier because she liked to pick her nose.
The chief criticizes the work of the clerk as he likes to go through the records carefully.
The chief condemned the work of the new clerk because he did not produce accurate records.
The construction worker prays for the tailor because he is faithful.
The construction worker prayed for a good tailor because he was in the hospital.
The construction worker tells the attendant not to lose his car.
The construction worker told the company attendant not to lose his focus.
The seller gives the money to the clerk because he found it on the floor.
The salesperson gave the money to the bank clerk because he is responsible for the lost items.
The doctor examines the teacher but is unable to find the source of the disease.
The doctor examined the school teacher and she is grateful for that.
The lawyer called the baker of the shop a liar because his prices were very high.
The lawyer calls Baker a liar because he often has a habit of jumping to conclusions.
The construction worker tells the barber to trim his sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked a good hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The developer refuses to borrow the book from the librarian because he likes the internet better than books.
The developer refused to borrow a book from the college librarian because she always gave useless recommendations.
The sheriff asks the secretary to close the window because he has a cold.
The sheriff asked the company secretary to close the window because he was nearby.
The guard appreciated the designer of the company for the good work done.
The guard appreciates the designer as his expectations have been met.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary of the company because she had good hands.
The chowkidar falls in love with the secretary because she has a habit of always being attracted to good hands.
The laborer succeeds in making the clerk lose because he is strong.
The laborers managed to make the bank clerk lose because he is weak.
The driver takes the servant to work because he has a car.
The driver took a nice housewife to work because she is beautiful.
The laborer threw a good housewife out of the house so that she could survive.
The laborer turns the servant out of the house so that he is not disturbed.
The driver moves the desk to the cleaner because he constantly likes to do favors for people.
The mover moves the desk to the school cleaner because she is weak.
The developer is rude to the secretary because he is in a bad mood.
Behaved rudely towards the secretary of the developer company because everyone hates her.
The watchman befriends the sweeper because he is liked by all.
The watchman is good friends with the house cleaner because he took everyone's side.
The vendor demands money from the cashier as he likes to place orders.
The seller demanded money from the bank cashier because he is good natured.
The carpenter builds a desk for the attendant because he is kind.
The carpenter made a desk for a good attendant so that she could find her love.
The chief interrogates the barber as he found a clue in the salon.
The chief questioned the barber living nearby because her behavior was wrong.
The worker hands the secretary a hammer because he thought the tools were a good gift.
The worker gave a hammer to the secretary of the company because she asked for a tool.
The school guard protected the teacher because he is brave.
The watchman protected the school teacher because she is a coward.
The hostess sent the carpenter who lived nearby to the hospital because of his health.
The nurse sends Carpenter to the hospital because he is very alert.
Construction worker gives tax return to accountant because he doesn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the office accountant because she is the only qualified professional to handle the job.
The laborer submits the application to the editor because he needs a job.
The worker submitted the application to the company's editor as he requested the formal paperwork.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide the documents as he needs to produce evidence in the court.
The lawyer asked the auditor of the company to provide the documents as he would otherwise be sent to jail.
The CEO gives cash to the cashier as he has to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave cash to the bank cashier because he needed his money.
The laborer gives a hammer to the assistant because he is tired of working.
The worker gave a hammer to the assistant of the company because he needed to hammer a nail.
The laborer digs a hole for the helper because he has a spade.
The laborer dug the pit for the subsidiary of the company because he is weak.
The nurse examines the farmer for injuries as it is her job.
The nurse examined the injuries of a good farmer because his condition was bad.
The manager asks the auditor to stay late as he is busy with some work.
The manager asked the auditor of the company to stay late because he was very lazy.
The guard accuses the receptionist of theft because her pen is missing.
The watchman accuses the hotel receptionist of theft because she is guilty.
Developer asks clerk to prepare paperwork because he doesn't know how the system works.
The developer asked the bank clerk to prepare the paperwork as he has always done a good job.
The driver asks the nurse to check him as he is not feeling well.
The driver asked the hospital nurse to check as she is very experienced.
The manager asks the clerk to report to work early because he is disrespectful.
The manager told the bank clerk to report early for work because he is lazy.
The farmer uses the accountant for crop tabulation because he found the job confusing.
The farmer used a good accountant for the crop table because he always did a good job.
The analyst makes fun of the teacher because his behavior is bad.
The analyst has constantly made fun of the school teacher because she is bad at maths.
The supervisor orders the nurse to do a remedial study because he noticed poorly administered injections.
The supervisor got the hospital nurse to do a remedial study because she is bad at giving injections.
The worker is surprised at the presence of the auditor as he was not expecting an audit.
The laborer is surprised that the auditor of the company is present as she said that everything is fine.
The carpenter builds a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she is in love.
The carpenter made a beautiful chair for the hotel receptionist because she asked.
The farmer wanted to take the counselor's exam to prove that he was normal.
The farmer needed to take a test from a good advisor to please him.
The construction worker knows about the author because he likes to read books.
The construction worker knows about the good writer because he is constantly in the news.
The manager promises to increase the teacher's salary because she was generous in nature.
The manager promises a pay raise to the school teacher because she performed well.
The farmer demands the auditor to leave the field as he is the owner.
The farmer asked the visiting auditor to leave the field as he was aggressive in nature.
The CEO gets examined by a counselor for fitness as his mental stability was questioned.
The CEO got himself examined for fitness by a good consultant as ordered by the court.
The salesman hated the accountant because he hated all customers.
The salesman hated the accountant who came in because he never bought anything.
The chief gives money to the baker because he bought something.
The chief paid the baker of the shop because he fed the bread.
The driver takes the counselor to the hospital as he was paid.
The driver took the sick counselor to the hospital because she asked.
The construction worker asks the nurse to check on him because he was hurt.
The construction worker asked the hospital nurse for an exam because he was in the best mood.
The supervisor demands the librarian to produce the book as he was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the librarian of the library to produce the book as she had often stolen.
The CEO asks the clerk to prepare a report so that he can address the concern.
The CEO asked the company clerk to redraw the report so that he could correct the mistake.
The lawyer was looking for a librarian to find a book because he didn't know how the library worked.
The lawyer needed the librarian of the library to find a book because she knew how the library was organized.
The analyst asks the cleaner to take the papers as he was in a domineering nature.
The analyst asked the cleaner there to collect the papers as he could not remember.
The supervisor complains to the barber because he was having trouble.
The supervisor complained to the barber in the shop because he didn't know how to cut hair properly.
The mechanic never trusted the baker there, because his bread was of poor quality.
Nirman never trusted Baker because he trusted no one.
The CEO rejects the designer's proposal because he felt neglected.
The CEO rejected the company's designer's offer because he did a poor job.
The CEO orders the cleaner to leave the room because he wants privacy.
The CEO ordered the company's cleaner to leave the room because she had a habit of frowning.
The vendor asks the baker to stop selling bread as he has found mold in the kitchen.
The seller asked the local baker to stop selling bread as the brand was being ruined because of him.
The driver did not take the librarian anywhere because he felt embarrassed.
The driver never called the librarian of the library anywhere because she wore a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer trusted the office receptionist because she had the quality of being exceptionally organized.
The cook used to secretly steal books from the librarian to increase his collection.
The cook secretly steals books from the librarian of the library so that she will be less suspicious.
The guard praises the secretary because her job was so dangerous.
The guard praised the office secretary because her job was so secure.
The CEO went to the baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly bought from the bakery's baker because he provided free bread.
The doctor examines the auditor for sores because his integrity was good.
The doctor examined the visiting auditor for wounds because he had complained.
The manager suggests the cashier to get a new job as he had a cruel temper.
The manager suggested that the cashier there find a new job because her performance was poor.
The analyst fails to impress the receptionist as his report was poor.
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist there as she has high standards.
The driver offers to carry the desk for the clerk as he has good stamina.
The proposer offered to carry the desk for the office clerk as he was weak.
The construction worker calls on the housewife to get answers to questions.
The construction worker called on the housekeeper to answer questions.
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep because he liked telling people what to do.
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep the house as she often doesn't remember.
The laborer built a bookshelf for the librarian of the library because she had placed an order.
The laborer builds a bookshelf for the librarian because he was paid.
The farmer is very happy after getting his hair cut by the barber because he did not need to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the nearby barber because he did a good job.
The sheriff interrogates the cashier because he was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the institution's cashier because she had taken the money.
The supervisor scolds the accountant because he behaved badly.
The supervisor scolded the accountant there because she did not follow the protocol.
The analyst informs Baker that the store is worthless because his calculations were fixed.
The analyst informed a nearby baker that the shop was in disrepair because it had made bad bread.
The guard appreciates the nurse for treating him as he was not feeling well.
The guard appreciated the hospital nurse for treating her as she did a good job.
The manager asks the tailor for a new design but does not specify the due date.
The manager asked the good tailor for a new design but he did not have time.
The analyst receives care from the nurse but does not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the hospital nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic carefully follows the model proposed by the designer because he wants the expectations to be met.
The mechanic carefully followed the model proposed by the new designer as he is an important customer.
The carpenter praises the barber's work because he found the talent admirable.
The carpenter praises the work of the barber who cuts hair because no one is better than him.
The supervisor provided the author with new equipment but did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided new equipment to the good writer but he did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complains to the designer because he didn't like the logo.
The sheriff complains about the newly arrived designer because he didn't live up to expectations.
The manager demands to see the nurse as he has felt ill.
The manager demanded to see the hospital nurse but she had to see another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he likes to trust everyone.
The sheriff showed confidence in the senior assistant because he has always shown integrity.
The cook respects the cook because he knows how to identify a good cook.
The cook respected the good cook because they really know how to bake.
The driver hired an accountant because he had to balance his finances.
The proposer hired the writing accountant because she is well recommended.
The analyst consults the librarian as he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian of the library as she knows a lot about books.
The sheriff trusts the attendant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusted the hostess because she is trustworthy.
The laborer tells the teacher that she too was a teacher when she was young.
The laborer told the school teacher that he needed to speak louder in the class.
The seller talks to the auditor because he was concerned about the audit.
The salesman spoke to the auditor who came there because he had issued a warning to the sales department.
The CEO hires the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO hired the senior editor because she is the best in the field.
The janitor cleans the office of the counselor as it is his job.
The janitor cleaned the advisor's office there as he had requested for it.
The laborer tells the cook that he needs a cake by tomorrow.
The laborer told the cook of the restaurant that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The driver tells the teacher that he needs to make room for the couch.
The proposer told the school teacher that she needed to be more patient with the children.
The supervisor was concerned about the auditor's visit because he had lost track of the expenses.
The supervisor was worried about the city auditor's visit as he is a very strict person.
The developer contacts the editor because they needed help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor there because he needed additional clarification to edit the book.
The guard asks the librarian to leave as it was late and they had to leave early.
The guard asked the librarian of the library to leave as it was late and she was feeling very tired.
The construction worker hires the cleaner so that he can concentrate only on the construction work.
The construction worker has hired a good cleaner so that she can focus on the cleaning work.
The driver gives the secretary a free ride because he had to repay the favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary there because they were old friends.
The supervisor asks the assistant what is his program for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the assistant there to bring his agreement.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid.
The driver would not submit the paperwork to the auditor there because he did not present an authorization form.
The head demands an apology from the teacher as he was offended.
The headman demanded an apology from the school teacher because she had beaten up a child.
The doctor writes a letter to the author because he liked one of the author's books very much.
The doctor wrote a letter to the best author because his books were very famous.
The sheriff talks to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to a nice clerk because he knew some paperwork.
The mechanic hires the tailor because his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired good tailors because they were handy.
The developer asks for feedback from the cashier as he had to develop a banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the bank's cashier as they would be the ones using the system.
The doctor approaches the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The doctor approached a good editor because he knew how to publish in a medical journal.
The farmer goes to the clerk to inquire about the license for cultivation.
The farmer went to the license approving clerk to approve the farming license.
The mechanic asks for an attendant as he had to order some tools.
The mechanic asked for the attendant there as she was the only one who was useful.
The driver scolds the auditor because he knew that things were fine.
The proposer scolded the auditor there as he had clearly made a mistake.
Hires a lead designer because he needed a new logo.
The chief hired a good designer because she knew how to design a new logo.
The therapist hires a secretary because she has overwhelmed clients.
The doctor hired a good secretary because she came highly recommended.
The farmer complains to the cashier because he was feeling insulted.
The farmer complained to the bad cashier because he treated the people disrespectfully.
The salesman approached the tailor as he had to mend a suit.
The salesman approached the tailor of the shop as he had promised to mend the suit.
The head returns a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The head returned a book to the librarian of the library but she complained about being late.
The watchman reprimands the accountant because he had to pay the fee due to an accounting mistake.
The janitor reprimanded the accountant there because she made a mistake in filing the paperwork.