The developer argues with the designer because she didn't like the design.
The developer argued with the company's designer as his suggestion could not be implemented.
The mechanic gives a gift to the clerk as he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the gift to the village clerk as it was his birthday.
The mover says thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.
The mover thanked the housekeeper as he cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned the documents for the company's analyst as he asked.
The assistant scans the documents for the analyst because he knows how to operate the scan machine.
The chief blesses the housekeeper because he got satisfaction.
The chief spared the village housekeeper as he helped a lot.
The seller sells some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The vendor sold some books to the librarian there because he had to learn.
The lawyer shouts at the barber because he was angry.
The lawyer yelled at the bad barber because he had done a bad job.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher as she has just learned to make a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the school teacher because he is hungry.
The mover overtakes the barber because he is quite fit. 
The mover overtook the accompanying barber because he was not feeling well.
The doctor tells Baker that he tried his best.
The doctor told Baker there that he had cancer.
The farmer gives apples to the housekeeper because he had a lot of apples.
The farmer gave the apples to the neighbouring housekeeper, as he might like them.
The CEO helps the nurse because she had to help. 
The CEO helped the hospital nurse as she needed help.
The barber befriended the visiting cook as he gave good tips after the haircut.
The barber befriends the cook because he liked the food.
The developer goes to the barber because she had to cut her hair.
The developer visited the new barber as he opened a new salon.
The manager tells the barber that she expected something better.
The manager told the new barber that he had done a good job.
The driver hits the clerk as he used a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the walking clerk as he used a cellphone while crossing the road.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor catches the developer cheating because he gets key documents.
The CEO raises the receptionist's salary, because he is generous.
The CEO increased the salary of the receptionist of the institute, as he had done a good job.
The guard protects the editor from criminals because he had a responsibility.
The guard saved the newspaper's editor from the criminals as he needed help.
The assistant bought a new computer because of the vendor's recommendation of the shop, because he specializes in persuading people.
The assistant buys a new computer because of the vendor's recommendation because he had to increase his productivity.
The auditor buys the guard a gift because he is grateful.
The auditor bought a gift for the guard there because he did a good job .
The secretary asked the nearby mover when he was available.
The secretary asks Mover what he should do to help.
The vendor talks to the cleaner as he had to sell the car.
The vendor interacted with the cleaner who came to the shop as he had to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer how to help.
The farmer asked the designer of the company what his job was.
The mechanic charges Rs 100 from the auditor though he did not do any work.
The mechanic charged Rs 100 from the new auditor, while he had only Rs 80.
The manager fires Baker because he was angry.
The manager fired the baker of the shop because he rebelled.
The doctor prescribes medicines to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.
Vaidya prescribed medicines to the designer who came there because he was sick.
The laborer runs against the barber, because he thought it would be easy.
The labourer ran away from the barber there because he was lethargic.
The mechanic welcomes the receptionist as he is in a good mood.
The mechanic welcomed the company's receptionist as he knocked on the door.
The cook always taught the kitchen assistant new techniques so that he would one day be at par in skill .
The cook is always teaching new techniques to the assistant because he likes to teach others.
The farmer gives an egg bag to the teacher because he had to express his gratitude.
The farmer gave a bag of eggs to a good teacher as he helped many children.
The CEO buys a car for the accountant because he is rich.
The CEO bought a car for the company's accountant because he needed a car.
The watchman cleans the librarian ' s room because he needs a tip .
The watchman cleaned the college librarian's room and he is grateful for it.
The librarian helps the CEO find the book because it's his job.
The librarian helped the company's CEO find the book because he wanted the book.
The lead encourages the author because he likes the book.
The chief encouraged the author of the company so that he could write a good book .
The developer is not able to communicate with the author because he just likes the language of the code.
The developer is unable to communicate with the visiting author as he used big words.
The nurse tried to stay away from the worker of the company because she smelled terrible .
The nurse was running away from the labourer because he is too busy. 
The lawyer investigates the illegal allegations against the treasurer , because he needs to understand the matter .
The lawyer investigated the illegal charges against the bank's cashier, as he may have been falsely accused.
Explain to the developer secretary because he understood the problem better.
The developer corrected the secretary of the company because he made a mistake.
The driver buys a beer for the cashier as he had just received his salary.
The proposer bought a beer for the bank's cashier because it is cool.
The driver does not pick up the assistant's call because he is busy.
Mover did not pick up the call from the company's assistant as he tried to schedule the move.
When the supervisor attacks the editor , he has to face difficulties .
When the supervisor punched the company's editor, he retaliated.
The assistant asked a good doctor if she needed any help.
The assistant asks the doctor if he can borrow some money.
The laborer ate more than the hotel receptionist because he is on a diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker stares at the teacher because he is angry.
The construction worker stared at the school teacher as he entered the construction area.
The secretary held a meeting with the good construction worker as he is under contract to build a house. 
The company secretary holds a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to do so.
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he could not hear.
The CEO did not understand the point of the attendant because he has a habit of speaking very fast.
The carpenter makes a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wooden lion for the good accountant because it is his birthday.
The sheriff protects the writer because he has to keep the peace.
The sheriff protected a good writer because he was attacked.
The mechanic looked down upon the cashier because he was arrogant.
The mechanic looked at the company cashier with a bad eye as his breath smelled bad .
The manager earns more than the attendant because he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the attendant of the company because he is more junior.
The analyst argues with the designer, because she thought the budget was too high.
The analyst argued with the website's designer, as he refused to redesign the work.
The driver shouts at the tailor when he realises that the window is broken.
The driver started shouting at the working tailor as he broke the window.
The clerk was fired as he misled the supervisor.
The clerk misled the naive supervisor , so he was confused .
The assistant laughed at the watchman of the society because his joke was good.
The assistant laughed at the watchman as he heard the joke.
The chief praises the accountant because he is satisfied.
The chief praised the good accountant as he is professional and patient.
The principal tells the advisor that she has taken the day off.
The chief told the good adviser that he should take a day off.
The watchman gave a book to a good writer for his future reference.
The watchman hands over a book to the author because he needs a response.
The mechanic repairs the housekeeper's car and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic fixed a good homeowner's car and then he wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks the accountant for books because she feels the work is wrong.
The manager asked the erring accountant for the books as he had made several mistakes before.
The supervisor shouts at the cashier because he likes to pick up employees.
The supervisor yelled at the little cashier because he liked to scratch his nose.
The chief condemns the clerk's work because he likes to look at the records carefully.
The chief condemned the work of the new clerk as he did not produce the correct record .
The construction worker prays for the tailor because he is faithful.
The construction worker prayed for a good tailor as he is in the hospital.
The construction worker asks the attendant not to lose his car .
The construction worker asked the attendant of the company not to lose his focus .
The vendor gives money to the clerk as he found her on the floor.
The salesperson gave money to the clerk of the bank as he is responsible for the lost items.
The doctor examines the teacher but is unable to find the source of the disease .
The doctor examined the school teacher and he is grateful for it .
The lawyer called the baker of the shop a liar because its prices were too high.
The lawyer calls Baker a liar because he often has a habit of jumping to conclusions .
The construction worker asks the barber to cut off his sideburn before anything else.
The construction worker asked a good hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The developer refuses to take the book from the librarian because he likes the internet better than books.
The developer refused to take a book from the college librarian as he has always given useless recommendations.
The sheriff asks the secretary to close the window because he is cold.
The sheriff asked the company secretary to close the window as it was nearby.
The guard applauded the company's designer for his excellent taste.
The guard appreciates the designer because his expectations have been met.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary of the company because he had good hands.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary because he always has a habit of being attracted to good hands.
The worker manages to convince the clerk because he is strong .
The workers managed to convince the bank clerk because she was weak .
The driver takes the servant to work because he has a car.
The driver brought a good housewife to work because she is beautiful.
The labourer threw a good housewife out of the house so that she could escape .
The worker throws the servant out of the house so that he does not get upset .
The driver shifts the desk for the cleaner because she constantly likes to do favors to people.
The mover moved the desk to the school cleaner because he was weak.
The developer behaves rudely towards the secretary because he is in a bad mood.
The developer behaved rudely towards the secretary of the company because everyone hated him.
The watchman befriends the cleaner because he likes everyone .
The watchman has a good friendship with the house's cleaner as he favoured everyone.
Curvate demands money from the cashier as she likes to place orders.
The seller demanded money from the bank's cashier as he was good in nature.
The carpenter creates a desk for the attendant because he is kind .
The carpenter created a desk for a good attendant so that he could find his love.
The chief interrogates the barber as she finds a clue in the salon.
The chief questioned the barber who lived nearby as his behaviour was wrong.
The worker hands a hammer to the secretary because he thought the equipment was a good gift.
The labourer gave a hammer to the company secretary as he asked for a device.
The guard of the school protected the teacher because he is brave.
The guard protected the school teacher because he was a coward.
The nurse sent the carpenter, who lives nearby, to the hospital due to her health.
The nurse sends the carpenter to the hospital because he is extremely alert.
The construction worker gives tax returns to the accountant because he does not know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the office accountant as he is the only qualified professional to handle the work .
The worker submits the application to the editor because he wants a job.
The worker submitted the application to the editor of the company as he requested formal paperwork.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide the documents as he needs to present the evidence in court.
The lawyer asked the company's auditor to provide the documents as he would otherwise be sent to jail.
The CEO gives cash to the cashier because he has to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave cash to the bank's cashier because he wanted his money.
The worker gives a hammer to the assistant because he is tired of working .
The worker gave a hammer to the company's assistant as he needed to hit the nail.
The worker digs a pit for the helper because he has a shovel .
The labourer dug a pit for the company's assistant as he was weak.
The nurse checks for the farmer's injuries because it is his job.
The nurse examined the injuries of a good farmer because his condition was bad .
The manager asks the auditor to stay late as he is busy with some work.
The manager asked the company's auditor to stay late as he is too lethargic.
The guard accuses the receptionist of theft because her pen is missing.
The guard accused the hotel's receptionist of theft as he was guilty.
The developer asks the clerk to prepare the paperwork as he doesn't know how the system works.
The developer asked the bank's clerk to prepare the paperwork as he had always done a good job.
The driver asks the nurse to check because he is not well.
The driver asked the hospital nurse for a check-up as he was highly experienced .
The manager asks the clerk to report early on work as he is abusive.
The manager asked the bank clerk to report early on the work as he is lazy.
The farmer uses an accountant for crop tabulation as he finds the job confusing.
The farmer used a good accountant for the crop table because he has always done the job well.
The analyst makes fun of the teacher because his behavior is bad.
The analyst has constantly mocked the school teacher because he is poor at mathematics.
The supervisor conducts a remedial study from the nurse as she noticed the poorly administered injections.
The supervisor got the hospital nurse to undergo a remedial study as she was poor at administering the injection.
The worker is surprised when the auditor is present as he did not expect the audit.
The worker is surprised that the auditor of the company is present because he said that everything is fine.
The carpenter makes a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she is in love.
The carpenter made a beautiful chair for the hotel receptionist as she asked.
The farmer wanted to take the counselor's exam so that he would prove normal.
The farmer needed to take a test from a good advisor to make him happy .
The construction worker knows about the author because he likes to read books .
The construction worker knows about that good writer because he is constantly in the news.
The manager promises to increase the salary of the teacher because his nature was generous.
The manager promises a salary hike to the school teacher as he did well.
The farmer demands the auditor to leave the field as he is the owner.
The farmer demanded that the visiting auditor leave the field as his nature was trespassive.
The CEO gets her checked by a counsellor for fitness as her mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was checked by a good counsellor for fitness as he was ordered by the court.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The seller hated the visiting accountant because he never bought anything.
The chief gives money to the baker because he bought something. 
The chief gave money to the shop's baker as he fed him bread. 
The driver takes the counselor to the hospital because he was paid.
The driver rushed the sick counselor to the hospital as he asked.
The construction worker asks the nurse for an inquiry as she was hurt.
The construction worker asked the hospital nurse for an examination as her temperament was the best.
The supervisor demands the librarian to present the book as she had doubts.
The supervisor demanded that the library of the library present the book as he had frequently committed theft.
The CEO asks the clerk to prepare a report so that he can address the concern.
The CEO asked the company's clerk to prepare the report again so that he could correct the mistake.
The lawyer was looking for the librarian to find a book because he didn't know how the library worked.
The lawyer needed the library librarian to find a book because he knew how to organize the library.
The analyst asks the cleaner to take the papers because his nature was domineering.
The analyst asked the cleaner there to collect the papers as he could not remember.
The supervisor complains to the barber because she was having trouble.
The supervisor complained to the barber of the shop because he did not know how to cut hair properly
Mistry never trusted the baker there because his bread was poor.
Nirman never trusted Baker because he didn't trust anyone.
The CEO rejects the designer's proposal because she felt neglected.
The CEO rejected the company's designer's offer because it had done a poor job.
The CEO orders the cleaner to leave the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the company's cleaner to leave the room because he had a habit of shrinking his nose and eyebrows.
The seller asks the baker to stop selling bread as he found mildew in the kitchen.
The vendor asked the baker in the locality to stop selling bread as the brand was being ruined because of him.
The driver would not take the librarian anywhere because he felt embarrassed.
The driver never called the library librarian anywhere because he was wearing a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because she liked tall people.
The farmer trusted the office receptionist because he had the quality of being exceptionally organized.
The cook would stealthily steal books from the librarian to enhance his collection. 
The cook secretly stole books from the library librarian so that he could have less doubts.
The guard praises the secretary because his job was so dangerous.
The guard praised the office secretary because his job was so safe.
The CEO would constantly go to Baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly bought from the baker's baker because he provided free bread.
The doctor examines the auditor for wounds because his completeness was good.
The doctor examined the visiting auditor for wounds as he complained.
The manager suggests the cashier to get a new job as his nature was cruel.
The manager suggested that the cashier find a new job because his performance was poor.
The analyst fails to impress the receptionist because her report was poor. 
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist there because of his high standards .
The driver offers to carry the desk for the clerk as its strength is good.
The proposer offered to take the desk for the office clerk as he was weak.
The construction worker calls the housewife so that she can get answers to the questions. 
The construction worker called the housewife of the house so that she could answer the questions. 
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to put a broom because he loved telling people what to do.
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to put a broom as he often doesn't remember.
The laborer built a bookshelf for the librarian of the library as he placed an order.
The worker builds a bookshelf for the librarian because he was paid.
The farmer was very happy to get the hair cut from the barber because he did not need to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from a nearby barber because he had done a good job.
The sheriff interrogates the cashier because he was told that the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the institution's treasurer as he had taken the money.
The supervisor scolded the accountant because he behaved poorly.
The supervisor scolded the accountant there because he did not follow the protocol.
The analyst informs Baker that the store is useless because his calculations were certain.
The analyst informed a nearby baker that the shop was useless because he had made spoiled bread.
The guard appreciates getting treatment from the nurse because he was not well.
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the hospital nurse as she had done a good job.
The manager asks the tailor for a new design but does not specify the due date.
The manager asked for a new design from a good tailor but he did not have time.
The analyst receives care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the hospital nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic follows the model proposed by the designer carefully because he wanted the expectations to be met .
The mechanic carefully followed the model proposed by the new designer as he is an important customer.
The carpenter praises the barber's work as he found the talent commendable.
The carpenter praises the work of the hair-cutting barber because there is no one better than him.
The supervisor provides the author with new tools but she did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the good writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complains to the designer because he didn't like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the recently arrived designer because he did not meet expectations.
The manager demands to meet the nurse as she felt sick.
The manager demanded to see the hospital nurse but he had to see another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he likes to trust everyone.
The sheriff showed trust in the big assistant because he has always shown honesty.
The cook respects the chef because she knows how to identify a good cook.
The cook respected the good chef because he really knew how to bake.
The driver hires accountants because they had to balance their finances.
The proposer has hired a writing accountant because he is well recommended.
The analyst seeks advice from the librarian as she needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the library librarian of the library as he knows a lot about the books.
The sheriff trusts the attendant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusted the attendant there because he is trustworthy.
The labourer tells the teacher that she was also a teacher when she was young.
The labourer told the school teacher that he needed to speak loudly in class.
The vendor talks to the auditor as she had concerns about the audit.
The seller spoke to the auditor who came there as he issued a warning to the sales department.
The CEO hires the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO hired the big editor because he is the best in this field.
The watchman cleans the counsellor's office because it is his job.
The watchman cleaned the consultant's office there as he had requested for it.
The worker tells the cook that she wants a cake by tomorrow.
The worker told the cook of the restaurant that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The driver tells the teacher that she needs to make room for the sofa.
The proposer told the school teacher that he needed to be more patient with the children.
The supervisor was worried about the auditor's visit as he had lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was worried about the city auditor's visit as he is a very strict person.
The developer contacts the editor because they needed help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor there as he needed additional clarification to edit the book.
The guard asks the librarian to leave as it was late and they had to leave early.
The guard asked the library librarian to leave as it was late and he was feeling very tired.
The construction worker hires cleaners so that he can focus only on construction work.
The construction worker has hired a good cleaner so that he can focus on the cleaning work.
The driver gives the secretary a free ride because he had to pay the favor.
The driver gave the secretary there a free ride because they had an old friendship.
The supervisor asks the assistant what is her schedule for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the assistant there to come up with his agreement .
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid.
The driver will not do the paperwork to the auditor as he did not submit an authorisation form.
The head demands an apology from the teacher as she was angry.
Mukhiya demanded an apology from the school teacher as he had beaten up a child.
The therapist writes a letter to the author because she loved one of the author's books.
The doctor wrote a letter to the best author because his books were quite famous.
The sheriff talks to the clerk as she needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff spoke to a good clerk because he knew some paperwork .
The mechanic hires the tailor as his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired a good tailor because he knew the job.
The developer seeks feedback from the cashier as he had to develop a banking system.
The developer needed a response from the bank's cashier as he would have to use the system .
The physician contacts the editor because she was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The doctor contacted a good editor because he knew how to publish in a medical journal.
The farmer goes to the clerk so that he can ask about the farming license.
The farmer went to the clerk who approved the license so that he could approve the farming license.
The mechanic asks for the attendant as she had to order some equipment.
The mechanic asked for the attendant there because he was the only one who knew the job.
The driver scolds the auditor because he knew things were okay.
The proposer scolded the auditor there because he had clearly made a mistake.
The chief hires the designer because he needed a new logo.
Mukhiya hired a good designer as he knew how to design a new logo.
The therapist hires the secretary because she overwhelmed the clients.
The doctor hired a good secretary because he was highly recommended.
The farmer complains to the cashier because he was feeling insulted.
The farmer complained to the bad cashier because he behaved disrespectfully with people.
The seller contacts the tailor because he had to fix a suit.
The seller contacted the tailor of the shop as he had promised to fix the suit.
The chief returns a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the library librarian but he complained about the late arrival.
The watchman reprimands the accountant because he had to pay the fee due to an accounting mistake.
The watchman reprimanded the accountant there because he had made a mistake in filing the paperwork.