The developer argues with the designer because he did not like the design.
The developer argued with the designer of the company because his suggestion could not be implemented.
The mechanic gives the clerk a gift because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the gift to the village clerk because it was his birthday.
The mover says thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.
The mover thanked the housekeeper of the house as he cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned the documents for the company's analyst as he asked.
Scans documents for the assistant analyst because he knows how to operate a scan machine.
The chief praises the housekeeper because he got satisfaction.
The chief spared the housekeeper of the village because he helped a lot.
The seller sells some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The seller sold some books to the librarian there because he had to learn.
The lawyer yells at the hairdresser because he was angry.
The lawyer yelled at the bad hairdresser because he did a bad job.
The cook prepares a dish for the teacher because he has just learned how to prepare a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the school teacher because he is hungry.
The mover overtakes the hairdresser because he is quite fit. 
The mover overtook the accompanying hairdresser because he did not feel well.
The doctor tells Baker that he tried his best.
The doctor told the baker there that he had cancer.
The farmer gives apples to the housekeeper because he had many apples.
The farmer gave apples to the neighbourhood housekeeper because he might like it.
The CEO helps the nurse because she had to help. 
The CEO helped the hospital nurse because she needed help.
The hairdresser befriended the visiting cook because he gave good tips after the haircut.
The hairdresser befriends the cook because he liked the food.
The developer goes to the hairdresser because she had to cut her hair.
The developer visited the new hairdresser because he opened a new salon.
The manager tells the hairdresser that she expected something better.
The manager told the new hairdresser that he had done a good job.
The driver hits the clerk because he used the cell phone while driving.
The driver hit the running clerk because he used a cell phone while crossing the road.
The auditor caught the developer there cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor catches the developer cheating because he gets key documents.
The CEO raises the salary of the receptionist because he is generous.
The CEO raised the salary of the institute's receptionist because he did a good job.
The guard protects the editor from criminals because he was responsible for it.
The watchman saved the editor of the newspaper from the criminals because he needed help.
The assistant bought a new computer because of the recommendation of the shop seller, because he is an expert in persuading people.
The assistant buys a new computer because of the seller's recommendation because he had to increase his productivity.
The auditor buys a gift to the guard because he is grateful.
The auditor bought the gift for the guard there because he did a good job.
The secretary asked the nearby mover when it was available.
The secretary asks the mover what he should do to help.
The seller talks to the cleaner because he had to sell the car.
The seller came to the shop and negotiated with the cleaner because he had to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asks the designer how he should help.
The farmer asked the designer of the company what his job was.
The mechanic charges a fee of one hundred rupees from the auditor even though he did not do any work.
The mechanic took one hundred rupees from the new auditor, whereas he had only eighty rupees.
The manager fires Baker because he was angry.
The manager fired the shop baker because he rebelled.
The doctor prescribes medicines to the designer, because he thought that the disease could be cured.
The doctor prescribed medicines to the designer who came there because he was ill.
The laborer runs against the barber, because he thought it would be easy.
The worker ran to the hairdresser there, because he is sluggish.
The mechanic welcomes the receptionist because he is in a good mood.
The mechanic welcomed the company's receptionist as he knocked on the door.
The cook always taught new techniques to the kitchen assistant so that one day he would be equal in skill.
The cook is always teaching new techniques to the assistant because he likes to teach others.
The farmer gives the teacher a bag of eggs because he had to show his gratitude.
The farmer gave a good teacher a bag of eggs because he helped many children.
The CEO buys a car for the accountant because he is rich.
The CEO bought a car for the company's accountant because he needs a car.
The watchman cleans the librarian's room because he needs a tip.
The watchman cleaned the room of the college librarian and he is grateful for this.
The librarian helps the CEO find the book because it is his job.
The librarian helped the CEO of the company find the book because he wanted the book.
Encourages the lead writer because he likes the book.
The chief encouraged the author of the company to write a good book.
The developer is unable to communicate with the author because he only likes the language of the code.
The developer is unable to communicate with the visiting writer because he used big words.
The nurse tried to stay away from the company's laborer because she smelled horrible.
The nurse was running away from the labourer because he is very busy. 
The lawyer investigates the illegal allegations against the cashier because he needs to understand the matter.
The lawyer investigated the illegal allegations against the bank's cashier because he may have been falsely accused.
The developer explains to the secretary because he understood the problem better.
The developer corrected the secretary of the company because he made a mistake.
The driver buys a beer for the cashier because he just got a salary.
The proposer bought a beer for the bank's cashier because he is cool.
The driver does not pick up the assistant's call because he is busy.
The mover did not pick up the call from the company's assistant because he tried to schedule the moving.
When the supervisor sneaks on the editor, he faces difficulties.
When the supervisor slammed at the editor of the company, he retaliated.
The assistant asked a good doctor if he needed any help.
Asks the assistant doctor if he can borrow some money.
The worker ate more than the hotel receptionist because he is on a diet.
The worker eats more than the receptionist because he is hungry.
The construction worker stares at the teacher because he is angry.
The construction worker stared at the school teacher as he entered the construction area.
The secretary had a meeting with the good construction worker because he is under contract to build a house. 
The secretary of the company holds a meeting with the construction worker because he was asked to do so.
The CEO could not understand the attendant because he could not be heard.
The CEO did not understand the attendant he met because he has a habit of speaking very fast.
The carpenter makes a wooden lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wooden lion for the good accountant because it's his birthday.
The sheriff protects the writer because he has to keep the peace.
The sheriff protected a good writer because he was attacked.
The mechanic used to look at the cashier with disrespect because he was arrogant.
The mechanic looked at the company's cashier with disrespect because his breath smells bad.
The manager earns more than the attendant because he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the company's attendant because he is more junior.
The analyst argues with the designer, because he thought the budget is too high.
The analyst argued with the website's designer because he refused to redesign the work.
The driver screams at the tailor when he realizes that the window was broken.
The driver started shouting at the working tailor because he broke the window.
The clerk used to mislead the supervisor so he was fired.
The clerk misled the naive observer so he was confused.
Laughed at the janitor of the Assistant Society because his joke was good.
The assistant laughed at the janitor because he heard the joke.
Admires the chief accountant because he is satisfied.
The chief praised the good accountant because he is professional and patient.
He tells the chief advisor that he has taken the day off.
The chief told the good advisor that he should take the day off.
The watchman gave a book to a good writer to reference his future.
The watchman hands over a book to the writer because he needs feedback.
The mechanic fixes the car of the housekeeper and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic fixed the car of a good homeowner and then he wrote a thank you note.
The manager asks the accountant for books because he felt that the job was wrong.
The manager asked the accountant who made the mistake for the books because he had made many mistakes before.
The supervisor yells at the cashier because he likes to pick employees.
The supervisor shouted at the little cashier because he liked to scratch his nose.
The chief condemns the work of the clerk because he likes to watch the records carefully.
The chief condemned the work of the new clerk because he did not present an accurate record.
The construction worker prays for the tailor because he is faithful.
The construction worker prayed for a good tailor because he is in the hospital.
The construction worker asks the attendant not to lose his car.
The construction worker told the attendant of the company not to lose his attention.
The seller gives the money to the clerk because he found it on the floor.
The salesperson gave money to the bank's clerk because he is responsible for the lost items.
The doctor examines the teacher but he is unable to find the source of the disease.
The doctor examined the teacher of the school and he is grateful for it.
Wakil called the shop baker a liar because his prices were too high.
The lawyer calls Baker a liar because he often has a habit of reaching conclusions.
The construction worker asks the barber to cut off his sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked a good hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The developer refuses to take books from the librarian because he likes the internet better than books.
The developer denied taking a book from a college librarian because he has always given useless recommendations.
The sheriff asks the secretary to close the window because he feels cold.
The sheriff asked the company secretary to close the window because he is nearby.
The guards appreciated the designer of the company for her excellent taste.
The guard appreciates the designer because his expectations are met.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary of the company because he had good hands.
The watchman falls in love with the secretary because he has a habit of always being attracted to good hands.
The laborer manages to convince the clerk because he is strong.
The labourer managed to defeat the bank's clerk because he is weak.
The driver takes the servant to work because he has a car.
The driver drove a good housewife to work because she is beautiful.
The laborer expelled a good housewife from the house so that she could escape.
The worker kicks the servant out of the house so that he does not get disturbed.
The driver shifts the desk for the cleaners because he likes to do favors for the people continuously.
The mover moved the desk to the school cleaner because he is weak.
The developer behaves rude to the secretary because she is in a bad mood.
The developer behaved rude to the secretary of the company because everyone hates him.
The watchman befriends the cleaners because he likes everyone.
The watchman has a good friendship with the cleaning worker of the house because he took everyone's side.
The secretary demands money from the cashier because he likes to place orders.
The seller demanded money from the bank's cashier because he has a good nature.
The carpenter makes a desk for the attendant because he is kind.
The carpenter built a desk with a good attendant so that he could find his love.
The chief interrogates the hairdresser because he found a clue in the salon.
The chief questioned the nearby barber because his behavior was wrong.
The worker hands the secretary a hammer because he thought the tools were a good gift.
The labourer handed a hammer to the secretary of the company because he asked for an instrument.
The school guard protected the teacher because he is brave.
The watchman protected the school teacher because he is a coward.
The hostess sent a carpenter living nearby to the hospital because of his health.
The nurse sends the carpenter to the hospital because he is extremely cautious.
The construction worker gives tax returns to the accountant because he does not know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the office accountant because he is the only qualified professional to handle the work.
The laborer submits the application to the editor because he needs a job.
The labourer handed over the application to the editor of the company because he has requested formal paperwork.
The lawyer asks the auditor to provide documents because he needs to produce evidence in court.
The lawyer asked the auditor of the company to provide documents because he would otherwise be imprisoned.
The CEO gives cash to the cashier because he has to pay for his belongings.
The CEO gave cash to the bank's cashier because he needs his money.
The laborer gives the assistant a hammer because he gets tired of working.
The worker handed a hammer to the company's assistant because he needs to hit the nail.
The worker digs a hole for the assistant because he has a shovel.
The labourer dug a pit for the company's assistant because he is weak.
The nurse checks the farmer for injuries because it is his job.
The nurse examined the injuries of a good farmer because he was in poor condition.
The manager asks the auditor to stay up late because he is busy with some work.
The manager asked the auditor of the company to stay late because he is very sluggish.
The guard accuses the receptionist of theft because his pen is missing.
The watchman accused the hotel receptionist of theft because he is guilty.
The developer asks the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he does not know how the system works.
The developer asked the bank's clerk to prepare the paperwork because he has always done a good job.
The driver asks the nurse to check because she is not feeling well.
The driver asked the hospital nurse to check because she is very experienced.
The manager asks the clerk to report early on the job because he is abusive.
The manager asked the bank's clerk to report on the work early because he is lazy.
The farmer uses an accountant for crop tabulation because he found the job confusing.
The farmer used a good accountant for the harvest table because he has always done the job well.
The analyst mocks the teacher because his behavior is bad.
The analyst has consistently mocked the school teacher because he is bad at math.
The supervisor conducts therapeutic studies to the nurse because she saw the poorly applied injections.
The supervisor conducted a therapeutic study with the hospital nurse because she is bad at injecting.
The worker is surprised when the auditor is present because he did not expect an audit.
The worker is surprised that the auditor of the company is present because he said that everything is fine.
The carpenter makes a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he is in love.
The carpenter made a beautiful chair for the hotel receptionist as he asked.
The farmer wanted to take the counselor exam so that he would prove to be normal.
The farmer needed to take a test from a good advisor so as to make him happy.
The construction worker knows about the writer because he likes to read books.
The construction worker knows about that good writer because he is constantly in the news.
The manager promises to raise the salary to the teacher because his nature was generous.
The manager promises a salary increase to the school teacher because he did well.
The farmer demands the auditor to leave the farm because he is the owner.
The farmer asked the visiting auditor to leave the farm because his nature was aggressive.
The CEO conducts a fitness checkup by a counsellor because his mental stability was questioned.
The CEO conducted an inquiry by a good fitness consultant because it was ordered by the court.
The seller hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The seller hated the visiting accountant because he never bought anything.
The chief gives the money to the baker because he bought something. 
The chief gave money to the shop baker because he served bread. 
The driver transports the counselor to the hospital because he was paid.
The driver rushed the sick consultant to the hospital because he asked.
The construction worker asks the nurse to investigate because she suffered an injury.
The construction worker asked the hospital nurse for an examination because she had the best nature.
The supervisor asks the librarian to submit the book because he was suspicious.
The supervisor asked the library officer of the church to submit the book because he had often committed theft.
The CEO asks the clerk to prepare a report so that he can relieve anxiety.
The CEO asked the clerk of the company to prepare a report again so that he can correct the mistake.
The lawyer was looking for a librarian to find a book because he did not know how the library worked.
The lawyer needed the librarian of the church to find a book because he knew how to organize the library.
The analyst asks the cleaner to collect the papers because his nature was domineering.
The analyst asked the cleaner there to collect the papers because he could not remember it.
The supervisor complains to the supervisor barber because he was having trouble.
The supervisor complained to the shop barber because he was not able to cut his hair well
Mistry never trusted the baker there, because his bread was poor.
Construction never trusted Baker because he trusted no one.
The CEO rejects the designer's proposal because he felt neglected.
The CEO rejected the proposal of the company's designer because he did a poor job.
The CEO orders the cleaner to leave the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the company's cleaner to go out of the room because he had a habit of shrinking nose and eyebrows.
The seller asks the baker to stop selling bread because he found mold in the kitchen.
The seller asked the baker of the neighborhood to stop selling bread because the brand was being ruined because of this.
The driver did not take the librarian anywhere because he felt embarrassed.
The driver never invited the library officer of the church because he was wearing a silly hat.
The farmer trusted the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer trusted the office receptionist because he had the qualities of being exceptionally organized.
The cook used to steal books secretly from librarians so as to increase his collection. 
The cook secretly stole the books from the library of the church so that he would have less suspicion.
The guard praises the secretary because his job was so dangerous.
The guard praised the office secretary because his job was so secure.
The CEO used to go to the baker continuously because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly bought with the baker of the bakery because he provided free bread.
The doctor examines the auditor for wounds because his entirety was good.
The doctor examined the visiting auditor for wounds because he had complained.
The manager suggests the cashier to get a new job because his nature was cruel.
The manager suggested that the cashier find a new job because his performance was poor.
The analyst fails to impress the receptionist because his report was poor. 
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist there because he has high standards.
The driver offers to carry a desk for the clerk because his strength is good.
The proposer offered to carry a desk for the office clerk because he is weak.
The construction worker calls the housewife so that she can get answers to the questions. 
The construction worker called the housewife of the house so that she would answer the questions. 
The CEO reminds the housekeeper to sweep because he liked telling people what to do.
The CEO reminded the housekeeper of the house to sweep because he often does not remember.
The labourer built a bookshelf for the library librarian because he placed an order.
The laborer builds a bookshelf for the librarian because he was paid.
The farmer was very happy to get his hair cut from the barber because he did not need to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from a nearby barber because he did a good job.
The sheriff interrogates the cashier because he was told that the money is missing.
The sheriff questioned the institute's cashier because he had taken the money.
The supervisor scolded the accountant because he behaved poorly.
The supervisor scolded the accountant there because he did not follow the protocol.
The analyst informs Baker that the store is useless because his calculation was fixed.
The analyst informed the nearby baker that the shop was useless because he had prepared bad bread.
The guard appreciates the nurse's treatment because he was not feeling well.
The guard appreciated the hospital nurse receiving treatment because she had done a good job.
The manager asks the tailor for a new design but he did not specify a due date.
The manager asked for a new design from a good tailor but he did not have time.
The analyst receives care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the hospital nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic carefully follows the model proposed by the designer because he wishes are met.
The mechanic carefully followed the model proposed by the new designer because he is an important customer.
The carpenter admires the work of the barber because he found the talent admirable.
The carpenter admires the work of a hairdresser because no one is better than him.
The supervisor provides the writer with new equipment but he did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the good writer with new tools but he did not appreciate it.
Sheriff complains to the designer because he did not like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the recently visited designer because he did not meet expectations.
The manager demands to meet the nurse because she felt sick.
The manager demanded to see the hospital nurse but he had to see another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he likes to trust everyone.
The sheriff trusted the big helper because he has always shown honesty.
The cook respects the chef because he knows how to identify a good cook.
The cook respected the good cook because he really knows how to bake.
The driver hires accountants because they had to balance their finances.
The proposer has hired an accountant who writes because he is well recommended.
The analyst consults the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted the librarian of the church because he knows a lot about books.
Sheriff trusts the attendant because he is a trustworthy person.
The sheriff trusted the attendant there because he is trustworthy.
The laborer tells the teacher that she too was a teacher when she was a young child.
The labourer told the school teacher that he needed to speak loudly in the classroom.
The salesperson talks to the auditor because he had concerns about the audit.
The seller spoke to the auditor who came there because he issued a warning to the sales department.
The CEO hires the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO appointed an elder editor because he is the best in the field.
The watchman cleans the counselor's office because it is his job.
The watchman cleaned the advisor's office because he requested it.
The worker tells the cook that he wants a cake by tomorrow.
The labourer told the cook of the restaurant that he should not use eggs in the cake.
The driver tells the teacher that he needs to make room for the sofa.
The proposer told the school teacher that he needs to be more patient with the children.
The supervisor was worried about the auditor's visit because they lost track of expenses.
The observer was worried about the city auditor's visit because he is a very strict person.
The developer contacts the editor because they needed help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor there because he needed additional explanations to edit the book.
The guard asks the librarian to go because it was late and he had to leave early.
The guard asked the library librarian to go because it was late and he felt very tired.
The construction worker hires cleaners so that he can focus only on construction work.
The construction worker has hired a good cleaner so that he can concentrate on the cleaning work.
The driver gives a free ride to the secretary because he had to pay the favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary there because they had an old friendship.
The supervisor asks the assistant what is his program for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the assistant to come up with his agreement.
The driver would not give the auditor the paperwork because he was feeling scared.
The driver will not do the paperwork to the auditor there because he did not submit an authorization form.
The head demands an apology from the teacher because he was outraged.
The chief demanded an apology to the school teacher because he had beaten a child.
The doctor writes a letter to the writer because he liked one of the writer's books.
The doctor wrote a letter to the best writer because his books were very popular.
The sheriff talks to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff spoke to a good clerk because he used to get some paperwork.
The mechanic hires the tailor because his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired a good tailor because he used to work.
The developer seeks a response from the cashier because he had to develop a banking system.
The developer needed a response from the bank's cashier because they would have to use the system.
The doctor contacts the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The doctor contacted a good editor because he knew how to publish in medical journals.
The farmer goes to the clerk so that he can ask about the farming license.
The farmer went to the clerk who approved the license so that he could approve the farming license.
The mechanic asks for the attendant because he had to order some equipment.
The mechanic asked for the attendant there because only he used to work.
The driver scolds the auditor because they knew things were fine.
The proposer scolded the auditor there because he had clearly made a mistake.
Hires chief designer because he needed a new logo.
Mukhiya hired a good designer because he knew how to design a new logo.
The therapist hires the secretary because she overwhelmed clients.
The doctor hired a good secretary because he was highly recommended.
The farmer complains to the cashier because he felt insulted.
The farmer complained to the bad cashier because he treated people disrespectfully.
The seller contacts the tailor because he had to fix a suit.
The seller contacted the tailor of the shop as he promised to fix the suit.
He returns a book to the chief librarian but he damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the library officer of the church, but he complained about his arrival late.
The watchman reprimands the accountant because he had to pay the fee due to an accounting mistake.
The watchman reprimanded the accountant there because he made a mistake in filing the paperwork.